# Course++

## Team Meeting 6 - Week 10 - 2023-10-11 (13:00 - )
**Absent:** N/A
<br>
**Lead/scribe:** Min su Park

## Agreed Procedure
Stand up Procedure:

## Agenda Items
| Number |                Item |
|:-------|--------------------:|
| 1      |   What we have done |
| 2      |       Backlog Items |
| 3      |  Assign tasks to do |
| 4      |         [item name] |

## Meeting Minutes
- [Summary of the progress reports, discussions, decisions, and matters to be confirmed from the meeting.]
- **What we have Done**
- Yuki: Integrated search feature. Works 70%. Text search sometimes works, sometime does not. The problem is that substring of a word cannot
- be put in the avl tree.
- Dia: Refactored LoadShowData with Yuki. Click helpfulness to be updated to firebase is yet to be done.
- Harrison: Simulating action in LoadShowData. Work in progress.
- Min su: Made add comment feature. Have to work on refactoring to match the structure of data,service, and model layers
<br>
- **What we need to discuss**
- Check the trello board for backlog items. Each person is responsible to check and contribute in finishing 'Essential' items
- Tasks assigned in trello for each member
<br>


## Action Items
| Key Task                                       |   Assigned To    | Due Date |
|:-----------------------------------------------|:----------------:|:--------:|
| Consider where to put Activity                 |     Min, Dia     |  17/10   |
| Agree on add comment/add helpfulness interface | Min,Dia,Harrison |  17/10   |
| Consolidate Course/Comment classes             |       Yuki       |  17/10   |
| Add validation to AddComment                   |       Min        |  17/10   |
| Refactor AddCommentActivity                    |       Min        |  17/10   |
| Fix text search                                |       Yuki       |  17/10   |
| Finalise report                                |     Everyone     |  19/10   |
| Start making video                             |       Min        |  19/10   |
|                                                |                  |          |




## Scribe Rotation
The following dictates who will scribe in this and the next meeting.
| Name |
| :---: |
| [Member name] |
| [Member name] |
| [Member name] |
| [Member name] |